Trust and Compliance: Fiscal provisions (#105)
pretix/pretix-docs: docs/trust/fiscal/spain.md

# Spain

{% include "warning-tax-law.md" %}

## Value-added Tax (VAT)

When selling goods and services in Spain, VAT ("Impuesto sobre el Valor Añadido", "IVA") may apply.
You can configure all Spanish VAT rates in pretix using [tax rules](../../guides/taxes.md), including more complex tax cases (e.g. intra-EU reverse charge transactions).

## Invoicing

### E-invoicing

Spain is planning to introduce mandatory electronic invoicing for business-to-business (B2B) transactions starting in 2026.
Additionally, digital signatures of invoices are already mandatory.

> pretix does **not** support this, but it is possible to sell tickets through pretix and send invoices outside of pretix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pretix does **not** support this, but it is possible to sell tickets through pretix and issue invoices outside of pretix.
```

> More information is available on the [website of the Spanish Government](https://www.facturae.gob.es/) as well as the website of the European Commission: [eInvoicing in Spain](https://ec.europa.eu/digital-building-blocks/sites/display/DIGITAL/eInvoicing+in+Spain).

Reviewer: Noch so eine Webseite, die gerade nicht laden will. Aber soweit ich das erkennen kann, ist das nicht **die** Webseite der spanischen Regierung, sondern sowas wie das Digitalisierungsministerium? Ich würde das entsprechend präzisieren.

Author: Es ist spezifisch eine Website zur digtialen Rechnung. Aber "website on Digital Invoicing of the Spanish Government" ist bissl arg sperrig?

Reviewer: Ja, ich fürchte wir kommen um die sperrige Formulierung an dieser Stelle nicht drumrum. 

Alternativ, wenn auch nicht weniger sperrig: Die gängige englische Übersetzung scheint [Ministry of Digital Transformation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ministry_of_Digital_Transformation_(Spain)) zu sein. Daher Vorschlag: 

```suggestion
More information is available on the [website of the Spanish Ministry of Digital Transformation](https://www.facturae.gob.es/) as well as the website of the European Commission: [eInvoicing in Spain](https://ec.europa.eu/digital-building-blocks/sites/display/DIGITAL/eInvoicing+in+Spain).
```
